# **0x02. C - Functions, nested loops**

## General

- What are nested loops and how to use them
- What is a function and how do you use functions
- What is the difference between a declaration and a definition of a function
- What is a prototype
- Scope of variables
- What are the gcc flags -Wall -Werror -pedantic -Wextra
- What are header files and how to to use them with #include

### Tasks

- 0-putchar | Write a program that prints \_putchar, followed by a new line.
- 1-alphabet | Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
- 2-print_alphabet_x10 | Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
- 3-islower | Write a function that checks for lowercase character.
- 4-isalpha | Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
- 5-sign | Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
- 6-abs | Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
- 7-print_last_digit | Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.
- 8-24_hours | Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59
- 9-times_table | Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
- 10-add | Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
- 11-print_to_98 | Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line
- 100-times_table | Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0
- 101-natural | If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.
- 102-fibonacci | Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
- 103-fibonacci | Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
